how much of the lemons om man head asks
she checks the price for every other
item on her shopping list and then
explains why she's had to stretch her
budget prices went up since the war so
we've had to change our eating habits if
we can't buy fruit this week then maybe
the next we have to prioritize sometimes
the grandkids want meals that are
expensive to make so I replace the
ingredients based on what we can
afford
this isn't the only change om manads
family has been forced to make since
October 7 they've decided that she's
less likely to be stopped by Israeli
forces from entering the old city
Gates her old age doesn't make her a
Target most young Palestinian men have
been turned away at the entrances for
the duration of the war on Gaza large
scale Israeli police surveillance and
arbitrary arrests have also been stepped
up in occupied East Jerusalem
with movement being restricted
especially that of workers from the
occupied West Bank and it's already
having repercussions on the local
economy construction is another domain
another activity that has been deeply
affected with the lack of Labor and this
is due to the um strict Israeli measures
of access to Jerusalem so um investment
in this sector has stopped retail is
another major sector that was affected
especially in The Old City businesses
are suffer offing especially shops that
have been forced to close before dark by
the Israeli authorities some don't
bother opening fulltime anymore and many
hotels have had to put their staff in
Furlow this should be the busiest time
of the year with Christmas and New Year
around the corner and usually these
lanes and these shops are incredibly
busy with tourists from all around the
world but if you speak to any of the
shop owners they'll tell you that
business has all but dwindled
religious Trinkets and souvenirs line
the centuries old cobbled Lanes tourism
is the bread and butter of jerusalemite
families but the war and flight
cancellations have meant that tourists
aren't coming we are next to the Church
of the Holy sepa very good location for
the tourist a historical biblical
religious place we are the famous place
for the Christian for the pilgrimage to
come to visit the Church of the Holy
sepa no tourist it's empty dead occupied
East Jerusalem is mostly made up of
small family-owned businesses that have
been passed on for one generation to the
next they've seen enough Wars in their
lifetime but nothing they say could have
prepared them for
this Al jaaz occupied East
Jerusalem make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer